move instructions to template repo (#13)
ApeWorX/apeworx.github.io: README.md

# Creating Documentation in the Ape Ecosystem

> To quickly setup ape-like docs for your repo check https://github.com/ApeWorX/docs-template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To quickly set up ape-like docs for your repo, please follow the instructions at https://docs.apeworx.io/docs-template/stable/userguides/quickstart.html
```
